folder-activities.svg ./user-desktop.svg
folder-cloud.svg ./folder-dropbox.svg
folder-cloud.svg ./folder-owncloud.svg
folder-desktop.svg ./desktop.svg
folder-desktop.svg ./user-home.svg
folder-download.svg ./folder-downloads.svg
folder-favorites.svg ./favorites.svg
folder-git.svg ./folder-development.svg
folder-git.svg ./folder-repository.svg
folder-html.svg ./folder_html.svg
folder-html.svg ./folder-remote.svg
folder-locked.svg ./certificate-server.svg
folder-pictures.svg ./folder-images.svg
folder-pictures.svg ./folder-image.svg
folder-pictures.svg ./folder-picture.svg
folder-publicshare.svg ./folder-public.svg
folder-sound.svg ./folder-music.svg
folder-sound.svg ./library-music.svg
folder.svg ./folder-yellow.svg
folder.svg ./inode-directory.svg
folder.svg ./stock_folder.svg
folder-temp.svg ./folder-recent.svg
folder-text.svg ./folder-txt.svg
folder-videos.svg ./folder-video.svg
network-workgroup.svg ./network-server.svg
start-here-kde.svg ./start-here-kde-plasma.svg
